Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: client-sdks/reference/react-native-and-expo.mdx

---
title: "React Native & Expo SDK"

> description: "Use PowerSync in React Native and Expo apps."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Use PowerSync in React Native (& Expo) apps."
```

> description: "Complete setup and usage guide for the PowerSync React Native and Expo SDK, covering installation, schema definition, and sync configuration."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Setup and usage guide for the PowerSync React Native SDK, covering installation, schema definition, database connection and sync setup."
```
